Wk2 407 isa subscription documentation (#23)
wealthkernel/api-documentation-guides: docs/isa-subscriptions/Basics.md

---
tags: [ISA Subscriptions]
stoplight-id: 8738880941b84
---

# ISA Subscription Basics

> Any account which is a type of ISA will have a subscription. An ISA Subscription keeps track of how much a user has subscribed towards their ISA account in a given tax year. This includes when a user deposits money into their portfolio, as well as a user transferring an ISA from a previous provider. Note that depending on various factors, it may take some time for the subscription amount to be updated in the case of an ISA transfer.

Reviewer: What about JISAs?

It's worth noting that not all changes to a portfolio mean a change to the corresponding ISA Subscription. The following do not change the value of an ISA Subscription:

- Dividends
- A change in value of the assets
- Buys and sells
- Charges

> - Withdrawals

Reviewer: This is only true for non-flexible ISAs

---
tags: [ISA Subscriptions]
stoplight-id: 8738880941b84
---

# ISA Subscription Basics

Any account which is a type of ISA or JISA will have a subscription. A subscription keeps track of how much a user has subscribed towards their account in a given tax year. This includes money is deposited into their portfolio(s), as well as a user transferring an ISA/JISA from a previous provider. Note that depending on various factors, it may take some time for the subscription amount to be updated in the case of a transfer.

> It's worth noting that not all changes to a portfolio mean a change to the corresponding subscription. The following do not change the value of a subscription:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be aware that not all changes to a portfolio mean a change to the corresponding subscription. The following do not change the value of a subscription:
```
